---
tags:
  - timeline
  - SessionJournals
---

<div
      class='ob-timelines'
      data-date='144-43-49-00'
      data-title='dd-mm-yyy desc'
      data-class='orange'
      data-img = '\z_Assets\ImagePlaceholder.png'
      data-type='range'
      data-end="2000-10-20-00">
    Enter text to display here.
</div>

## Characters 
 
**Name:** [[Aeli]] 
**Name:**  [[Vidar]] 
**Name:** [[Lars]] 
**Name:** [[Sorrow]] 
**Name:** [[Marcus]] 
 
## Session Overview 

Under the cover of darkness, Lars heads towards the city gates on a mission to find Marcus' notebook. Lars is stopped at the gates by the town guards, who warn Lars of the dangers beyond the walls of Vallaki and that their orders are quite clear - no one is allowed to enter the town once the sun goes down. Defiantly Lars proceeds with his quest and exits the town travelling along the road cautiously.

Unbeknownst to him is that Marcus has also slipped away to go searching for his beloved tome once the rest of his party had gone to bed. Dismissing the same warning that Lars was given, Marcus continues determinedly own the road and eventually catches up to Lars.  

As the pair bond during their late night trapse along Old Svalich Road they were ambushed by a gaunt figure with wild hair and bare feet, wearing a tattered gown of stitched animal skins. Once the figure spots the lone adventurers, it bounds towards them on all fours. It is not just the wild figure approaching that they need to worry about as Lars and Marcus notice that ground nearby is crawling with tiny twig monsters as well.

Not yet fully recovered from their tough day of travel in Barovia already, they put up a valiant effort and destroy a few of their attackers but the Druid and Twig Blights are too much for them. As they start to fade to black and hope is lost for the pair, they are mysteriously healed. Getting up and surveying their surroundings they see no signs of the Druid or Twig Blights.

Instead they witness a dark figure standing before them on the road shrouded in mystery and a black cloak. It approaches and confronts Marcus, handing over Marcus' notebook in exchange for an update on his mission. Hearing that no significant progress has been made, the cloaked figure asks about the clues from Madam Eva. Marcus admits he did not go in to the tent with the others to get a reading from her, disappointed, the mysterious saviour suggests Marcus sees what information his friends can provide. 

The figure in black reminds Marcus of the gifts he has received in reciprocity for the promise made, and turns to walk away from Marcus and Lars, fading into the shadows before their eyes.

Having found what they came for, Marcus and Lars head back to town and it isn't long before the walls of Vallaki are within their sights. Approaching the gates, the moon over head, even dimmed by the clouds in the sky, provides enough light to see the smirk of the town guards face as he asks for payment to be let back in after hours. Lars' insults drive the cost of entry up and the pair stubbornly decide that they would rather sleep outside then give the guard any money. 

---
---


The next morning, Aeli, Sorrow and Vidar wake and meeting in the common room of the Blue Water Inn, and in talking with the Danika and Urwin learn of the odd schedule of Festivals the Burgomaster has for the town. 

Baron Vargas Vallakovich, has decreed that the Festival of the Blazing Sun will be held in the town square in three days. The previous festival, which he called the Wolf’s Head Jamboree, was less than a week ago. Vallaki has endured at least one festival every week for the past several years. Some Vallakians believe that the festivals keep the devil Strahd at bay. Others think they provide no protection or benefit whatsoever. Most consider them dismal affairs.

The owners warn though, that those who speak ill of the festivals are declared by the burgomaster to be in league with the devil Strahd and arrested. Some are thrown in the stocks, while others are taken to the burgomaster’s mansion so that the baron can purge them of their evil.

Ensuring that Ireena is going to be happy and safe in Vallaki, Vidar suggests that Ireena think about finding a job so that she can sustain  herself and they agree that they should all visit the church and discuss with the priest, as he usually knows a lot about what is going in town.

During their breakfast discussion, Ireena shares her concern for Lars' whereabouts as it becomes apparent that Lars and Marcus are not at the Inn.  They head off  to find Marcus and Lars, arriving at the eastern gates in time to spy the pair scaling the walls undetected by the guards. Ireena calls out in excitement, alerting the guards and vexing Vidar, as the group, together again, rush to move off the street and hide as an alarm is raised. 

Using backstreets, they arrive at a centuries-old stone church with a bulging steeple in the back and walls lined with cracked, stained glass windows depicting pious saints. A fence of wrought iron encloses a garden of gravestones next to the church. A thin mist creeps among the graves.

Father Lucian Petrovich welcomes them to St Andral's church, and as they discuss potential jobs for Ireena, he suggests that they confirm with the Baron that Ireena has been granted permission to stay. The group are invited to join the townsfolk in the church for evening prayers, and set out to the Burgomaster's mansion.

They are invited inside by one of the maids and are escorted to wait in the den  until the Baron is ready to receive them. Sitting on the padded chairs and couches of this cozy, carpeted den that reeks of pipe smoke, a small explosion is heard and the walls of the house rumble a little, with dust falling from the ceiling. The maid, unphased by what had just happened  returns and escorts the party to the library where Baron Vargas Vallakovich is standing behind a chair, holding an open book. A bear of a man, his breastplate, rapier, silk tunic, and greased beard glisten in the lamplight. Resting on small rugs to his left and right are a pair of black mastiffs.

The Burgomaster listens to the newcomers requests, and asks in exchange for Ireena staying in Vallaki that they help remove the Wachter family from Vallaki. Vidar, Sorrow and Marcus are abhorred by the refused and walked storm off.  Aeli and Lars, not yet made up their mind, decide to talk to Lady Wachter and get a sense of who she is and what she is about ... but they should probably go find the rest of the party first right?  


 

## Key Learnings
* Description of any important information that the party learned.
* 
* 
*
   
## Who Did They Meet?
 
**Name.** [[Izmark]] 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
## Items Of Importance
 
* Description 
* 
* 
*
## What Worked 
 
* Small description. 
* 
* 
* 
* 