---
tags:
  - timeline
  - SessionJournals
---

<div
      class='ob-timelines'
      data-date='144-43-49-00'
      data-title='dd-mm-yyy desc'
      data-class='orange'
      data-img = '\z_Assets\ImagePlaceholder.png'
      data-type='range'
      data-end="2000-10-20-00">
    Enter text to display here.
</div>

## Characters 
 
**Name:** [[Aeli]] 
**Name:**  [[Vidar]] 
**Name:** [[Lars]] 
**Name:** [[Sorrow]] 
**Name:** [[Marcus]] 
 
## Session Overview 


After storming out of the Burgomaster's mansion, Vidar, Sorrow and Marcus look for someone to give them directions to the Wachter residence.

They traipse through the streets and make it to the town square, observing  posters advertising the Wolf’s Head Jamboree being taken down by Izek and the Town Guards, and replaced by posters for the Festival of the Blazing Sun.

Vidar catches sight of the person who has been stalking them and approaches quickly. The man introduces himself as Ernst Larnak, stating that he meant not to alarm them, but that he works for Lady Wachter and she sent him to keep and eye on the newcomers. He delivers the message that she has a proposition that she wishes to speak with them about, giving directions to Wachterhaus as Vidar's asks for them.

---

Lars and Aeli decide to split up and regroup later.

Lars walks through the streets of Vallaki in hopes of finding a general store to collect some items to assist with their adventuring through Barovia, and is directed to Arasek Stockyard.

The large stockyard has several locked sheds along its periphery and lies adjacent to a roomy warehouse. Parked at the south end of the stockyard is a sturdy carnival wagon, its colorful paint peeling off and catching Lar's attention. As he gets closer to inspect the wagon he reads the faded lettering on its sides that spells out the words “Rictavio’s Carnival of Wonders.”

A heavy padlock secures the back door has Lars intrigued, who get closer to inspect. Upon closer inspection, you see that the sides of the wagon are spattered with dry blood. You also see an inscription on the wagon’s door frame that reads, “I bring you from Shadow into Light!”

Suddenly, the wagon lurches, as though something big has thrown itself against the inside wall. The sound of the cracking of wood, the scraping of metal, and the snarl of something inhuman are not enough to scare off Lars, who knows that some sort of beast is inside. Before he can investigate any further, a portly middle-aged man runs out of the store towards Lars and invites him inside to view his wares.

Gunther Arasek has a modest store, with a variety of common adventuring gear. Lars realises that the prices are still a little high here but purchases some rope, and tries to haggle for a health potion but it is outside of his financial constraints at the present moment.

Seeing that Lars is down on coins, Gunther offers Lars a deal. If Lars happens to be going past the Wizard of Wines Winery, and can find a way to procure him a bottle of  Champagne du le Stomp, Gunther will offer him a fair and reasonable sum of 120gp.

---

Aeli searches for her companions that had taken off, finding them just as they are about to move from the Town Square to the Wachterhaus.

Arriving at the sorry looking house where the slouching roof hanging heavy over furrowed gables, and moss-covered walls sag and bulge under the weight of the vegetation, they knock on the door and are greeted by a sullen but helpful maid. She informs the guests that Lady Wachter is currently occupied and has invited them all to dinner this evening for a feast and an important discussion.

The party congregate at the Blue Water Inn, ordering some beverages and begin discussing  the events that had transpired over the past few hours.

Danika brings over refreshments, and humbly asks the capable looking party if they could  perform a favour. She goes on to explain that the delay in the wine order actually has Urwin quite anxious, his father owns the Wizard of Wine Winery and it isn't like him to be this late with the order. If the party would simply promise to check in of Urwin's father if they happen to be near the winery, she would provide them with food, free of charge during their time in Vallaki.

A discussion on what their next course of action should be turns tense and a barrage of insults hurled at Lars by Vidar and Sorrow, causes Lars to unexpectedly get up from his seat without saying a word and depart the inn. 

Marcus, Aeli and Ireena follow Lars and manage to catch up to him as he passes through the western gates of Vallaki.

Seeing their companions leave after the heated discussion, Vidar and Sorrow head to Arasek Stockyard, past the carnival wagon and straight into the store. They sell off some of the wares collected during their time in Barovia, at a fair and reasonable price, and the shrewd negotiator Vidar is able to haggle and purchase the only remaining health potion.

---

Marcus, Aeli, Lars and Ireena move along Old Svalich road until it comes to an X intersection, with branches to the northwest, northeast, southwest, and southeast. The lower half of a snapped wooden signpost thrusts upward at an angle near the eastern elbow of the intersection. The top half of the sign, featuring arms pointing in four directions, lies in the weeds nearby.

Working together, Aeli, Lars and Marcus put the signpost together and observe that the arms indicate Krezk and Tsolenka Pass to the southwest, Lake Baratok to the northwest, Vallaki and Ravenloft to the northeast, and Berez to the southeast.

Having these points of interest to regain their bearings, they try to decide which path should take them to the Wizard of Wine Winery, except they don't really know where the winery is except that it lies a few days walk to the west.

They decide that taking the northwest branch of the crossroads is their best bet and continue along. Up ahead, a figure walks alone with the stride and bearing of one who knows no fear. Clad in rusty armor, it clutches a gleaming longsword in its pale hand and looks ready for a fight.

The creature reveals it was a knight of the Order of the Silver Dragon which, along with their master Lord Argynvost, was annihilated defending the valley against Strahd’s armies more than four centuries ago. 

Alexei reveals that he now wanders the land in search of Strahd’s wolves and other minions. Confirming that the group are not in league with Strahd, he asks them to inform Vladimir that he is still awaiting his orders, if they should travel to Argynvostholt. 

They ask Alexei if the road they travel does in fact lead to the Winery, he confirms that if they do follow the trail, they will eventually find themselves at the Wizard of Wine Winery. Satisfied with their choice, they keep walking until the sun begins to set. Deciding that it would be safer to camp for the evening, they search for a spot, not far from the road where they can set up and rest for the evening.

---

With the moon above, Vidar and Sorrow head off to Wachterhaus for their appointment with Lady Wachter. They are invited in and led to the dining room where Lady Wachter has been eagerly awaiting their arrival. They sit down to dine and she  is looking for powerful allies to help her oust the burgomaster from his position of power.

Believing the Baron to be nothing more than a tyrant, she admits she tried non-violent means to bring peace and prosperity to Vallaki by generously attempt to wed her young daughter, Stella, to the baron’s son, Victor. She warns Vidar and Sorrow that Stella found Victor to be demented, and he showed no interest in Stella whatsoever. In fact, he spoke such unkind words to Stella that she went mad, and Fiona had to lock her daughter away.

A comfortable and brazen Lady Wachter reveals her family’s long-standing loyalty to the von Zarovich line and that she believes that Strahd von Zarovich is no devil and she would happily serve Strahd as burgomaster of Vallaki.

Lady Wachter is interrupted by a serving maid who announces that a member of the book club is here and needs to see her immediately. Lady Wachter excuses herself, leaving the guests to wonder what could be so important to take their host away. Sorrow, ever so curious, gets up to sneak over to the front door and spy on what may be transpiring and knocks over glasses and silverware on the table, alerting the staff who come in apologetically to clean up the mess.

Lady Wachter returns, apologising and dives right back into the matter at hand. Lady Wachter shares that Baron Vargas Vallakovich won’t give up his birth right without a fight, and as they all start to scheme on how they can remove the Baron from his seat of power, she suggests they start by killing the baron’s evil henchman, Izek Strazni the Captain of the town guard, knowing that he uses he deformity and his powers to intimidate the guards into subservience. Once he is killed, she’s happy to take care of the rest.

With a lot to think about, Vidar and Sorrow head back to the Blue Water Inn to retire for the evening.

---

Aeli, Marcus, Lars and Ireena prepare for their campout under the night sky when Aeli spots a leather-wrapped bundle hidden in the underbrush, stuffed inside a hollow log. Opening up the bundle, Aeli finds a set of common clothes sized for a human adult.

The howl of a wolf some distance away breaks the silence of the forest. Aeli and Lars look around from the owner of the clothes, spotting tracks that don't make sense. They first appear to be human, then turn to wolf tracks, but something about the wolf prints are off-putting, they are larger than usual and indicate that perhaps this wolf walks only on two legs, but how can that be?

The howl get closer, springing the group to their feet to prepare to defend themselves. Their hunter lurks in the darkness of the forest and the camp fires flickers causing the dancing shadows to wash Marcus with unease.

A furred and well-muscled humanoid body topped by a voracious wolf’s head lunges from nearby bushes and attacks. Aeli and Lars try to fight back, but their attacks seem ineffective against this creature. Marcus takes aim and launches and array of magical attacks at the werewolf. Ireena, inspired by the bravery of Lars and her new friends, grabs a burning log from the camp fire and joins the clash.

Aeli follows suit, and it is not long before the werewolf succumbs to his injuries.

Breathing heavy after the fight, it's time to ask ...  maybe the forest isn't as safe as they hoped?




## Key Learnings
* Description of any important information that the party learned.
* 
* 
*
   
## Who Did They Meet?
 
**Name.** [[Izmark]] 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
## Items Of Importance
 
* Description 
* 
* 
*
## What Worked 
 
* Small description. 
* 
* 
* 
* 