---
tags:
  - timeline
  - SessionJournals
---

<div
      class='ob-timelines'
      data-date='144-43-49-00'
      data-title='dd-mm-yyy desc'
      data-class='orange'
      data-img = '\z_Assets\ImagePlaceholder.png'
      data-type='range'
      data-end="2000-10-20-00">
    Enter text to display here.
</div>

## Characters 
 
**Name:** [[Aeli]] 
**Name:**  [[Vidar]] 
**Name:** [[Lars]] 
**Name:** [[Sorrow]] 
**Name:** [[Marcus]] 
 
## Session Overview 
 
[[Lars]] awoke in the [[dining room]] to the rest of the party returning from their exploration of the catacombs underneath the house.

Even though he was feeling refreshed and ready for more adventure, the rest of the party were looking a little worse for wear, so they decided to try and recuperate for a little while. 

A loud howl reverberated though the house, sending a wave of concern and fear through the party who were unable to determine the source of the alarming sound.

The group decide to bunker down, and use the dining chairs to reinforce the doors to prevent anyone, or anything, get inside. Suddenly, noises can be heard from within the fireplace, getting closer and closer. A loud thud against the door alerts the team to a potential threat so they prepare for a fight. [[Sorrow]] lays down some caltrops, [[Aeli]] draws her weapons, and [[Lars]] throws his torches into the fire place. Before [[Lars]] can light them, a ghoul drops down and attacks. 

As the party deal with the undead intruder, the pounding on the door continues. The ghoul inside the room are defeated, and the party can hear that the remaining enemies scurry away.

[[Lars]] and [[Marcus]] use the reprieve to move the furniture from the hunter's den into the dinning room and start breaking it down for fire wood. As [[Lars]] disassembles the furniture he finds a hand, light and heavy crossbow. He also finds a deck of playing cards.


The party use the down to start to open up to each other, learning more and more about who they are and where they came from. [[Lars]] reveals the traditions of his home town and is surprised that his companions are not yet married considering their ages. [[Vidar]] reveals that they can change their form, and transforms into a masculine presenting form.

Using the deck of cards found earlier, the party keep themselves entertained with a few friendly games.

The pounding on the door starts again, springing the party to action. [[Aeli]] bravely takes the fight to the ghouls and opens the door, to face the creature as more ghouls come in through the fireplace.

The creatures are defeated, but the party realise they are not going to be able to rest without any further interruption. Convinced that there must be a way out downstairs if there is water, [[Lars]], [[Marcus]] and [[Aeli]] start making their way down and are joined by [[Sorrow]] and [[Vidar]]. 

They head back to the bottom level, the source of the chanting and [[Aeli]] is surprised when the chanting stops as she peers through the portcullis into the large water filled chamber. Unable to find a lock to pick, they use brute strength to bust open the barrier into the chamber.

They study the room, seeing featureless stone pil[[Lars]] support the ceiling, and a breach in the west wall leads to a dark cave heaped with refuse. Murky water covers most of the floor. Stairs lead up to dry stone ledges that hug the walls. In the middle of the room, more stairs rise to form an octagonal dais that also rises above the water. Rusty chains with shackles dangle from the ceiling directly above a stone altar mounted on the dais. The altar is carved with hideous depictions of grasping ghouls and is stained with dry blood.

[[Marcus]] and [[Sorrow]] use the ledges around the edge of the room and stay out of the water, while [[Vidar]] hangs back at the entrance. [[Lars]] and [[Aeli]] trudge through the water towards the pile of refuse, [[Lars]]' unsure of what may waiting for them brings his axe down on the pile. The rotting heap of vegetation animates and looms up half again as tall as a human, tapering into a faceless “head” at its top.

Dark apparitions of faceless black-robed figures appear on the ledges overlooking the room, each one holding a torch that seems to draw light into it, chanting, “One must die!” over and over.

The party quickly learn that the apparitions are harmless and focus their attention on defeating the shambling mound. [[Sorrow]] hurls insults, [[Vidar]] draws radiant flames, [[Marcus]] casts firebolt after firebolt, [[Aeli]] and [[Lars]] make use of their weapons. [[Aeli]]'s instincts kick into overdrive and she jumps on it's back and continues to attack from a better vantage point. 

The shambling mound grapples [[Lars]] and eventually swallows him up, but is brought down. 

An alarming sound rings through the house and the group make hurried tracks to get out of their. 

In the room at the top of the stairs, slashing scythe-blades have replaced the door, making passage through the door precarious as smoke starts to fill the room.  [[Lars]] notices that the walls are rotted and brittle and smashes through.

The party may make it out of here alive...



## Key Learnings
* Description of any important information that the party learned.
* 
* 
*
   
## Who Did They Meet?
 
**Name.** Description 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
**Name.** Description 
 
## Items Of Importance
 
* Description 
* 
* 
*
## What Worked 
 
* Small description. 
* 
* 
* 
* 